Adds PAYG for Amazon Marketplace (#3040)
temporalio/documentation: docs/evaluate/temporal-cloud/pricing.mdx

**Can I purchase Temporal Cloud through my Amazon, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform marketplace?**

> There's two ways to purchase Temporal Cloud through AWS Marketplace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to purchase Temporal Cloud through AWS Marketplace:
```

Author: Fixing. Thank you for the catch.

> - Pay-as-you-Go available [here](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-hbcjz7wcl2mvu)

Reviewer: Check all occurrances of Pay-as-yo-Go for casing and hyphens or spacing and ensure they are consistent. This one differs from the one that follows.

Author: Checking and making them all Pay-As-You-Go, which OpenAI says is correct. Thanks again.
